docs: Update documentation (#333)
SAP/ui5-linter: README.md

Note: Use "ui5lint --details" to show more information about the findings
```

You can provide multiple glob patterns as arguments after the `ui5lint` command to filter and narrow down the linting results. 

> **Note**: this can't be used to include files that normally wouldn't be checked (e.g. files outside of `webapp` in application projects)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This option does not permit you to include files that normally wouldn't be checked (e.g. files outside of the `webapp` folder in application projects).
```

Note: Use "ui5lint --details" to show more information about the findings
```

> You can provide multiple glob patterns as arguments after the `ui5lint` command to filter and narrow down the linting results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can provide multiple glob patterns as arguments after the `ui5lint` command to filter and narrow down the linting results. Note: this can't be used to include files that normally wouldn't be checked (e.g. files outside of `webapp` in application projects)
```

```sh

> > ui5lint webapp/**/*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ui5lint 'webapp/**/*'
```

Using `webapp/**/*` will expand the glob in the shell (before ui5lint is executed). The linter will receive a list of all files matching the pattern as an argument

Using `'webapp/**/*` will pass the pattern as an argument to ui5lint, which then passes it to _our_ glob function.

I'm not entirely sure which way is better, but I think the latter is more likely to behave the same across platforms and shells, so maybe we should document that. @codeworrior do you have an opinion on this?

Reviewer 2: Maybe it makes sense to show an example where less files than usual are linted? Something like `webapp/**/*.xml` to only check XMLs maybe? Then report example below needs to be updated as well in that case.

Author: Docs are updated :)
